2022-07-06 22:38:35.186346
HAND SELECTION_REPORT
Original RES Scopus-collected observations: 1461
Original RES EconLit-collected observations: 1540
Original RES collection TOTAL observations: 3001
Number of RES naively-matched observations: 1315
Post-naive match RES Scopus-only observations: 146
Post-naive match RES EconLit-only observations: 225
Number of RES fuzzy-matched observations 1423
Number of RES post-fuzzy-match Scopus-only remainder observations: 38
Number of RES post-fuzzy-match EconLit-only remainder observations: 117
SCOPUS ARTICLES REMAINING UNMATCHED (38)

	Monopoly without a Monopolist: An Economic Analysis of the Bitcoin Payment System
	Optimal Taxation with Private Insurance
	Measuring Bias in Consumer Lending
	***Default Effects and Follow-On Behaviour: Evidence from An Electricity Pricing Program
	The Value of Unemployment Insurance
	Workforce Composition, Productivity, and Labour Regulations in a Compensating Differentials Theory of Informality
	***Rules without Commitment: Reputation and Incentives
	Shadow Banking and the Four Pillars of Traditional Financial Intermediation
	Non-parametric Analysis of Time-Inconsistent Preferences
	Variation Margins, Fire Sales, and Information-constrained Optimality
	A Theory of Foreign Exchange Interventions
	Dynastic Precautionary Savings
	Credit Shocks and Equilibrium Dynamics in Consumer Durable Goods Markets
	Identifying Shocks via Time-Varying Volatility
	Global Imbalances and Policy Wars at the Zero Lower Bound
	Optimal automatic stabilizers
	Reorganization or liquidation: Bankruptcy choice and firm dynamics
	Identifying the costs of a public health success: Arsenic well water contamination and productivity in bangladesh
	A theory of narrow thinking
	A reply to campbell and mau
	Erratum: Consumer scores and price discrimination (The Review of Economic Studies (2020) 87:2 (750-791) DOI: 10.1093/restud/rdz046)
	Fiscal rules as bargaining chips
	Informational herding, optimal experimentation, and contrarianism
	Erratum: The equilibrium impact of agricultural risk on intermediate inputs and aggregate productivity (The Review of Economic Studies (2020) DOI: 10.1093/restud/rdaa084)
	The gender earnings gap in the gig economy: Evidence from over a million rideshare drivers
	Adverse selection in the marriage market: Hiv testing and marriage in rural malawi
	On trade induced technical change: The impact of chinese imports on innovation, it, and productivity
	Record-keeping and cooperation in large societies
	All-pay oligopolies: Price competition with unobservable inventory choices
	Prizes versus contracts as incentives for innovation
	The returns to nursing: Evidence from a parental-leave program
	The equilibrium impact of agricultural risk on intermediate inputs and aggregate productivity
	Erratum: Withdrawn as duplicate: Attribution bias in consumer choice (Review of Economic Studies DOI: 10.1093/restud/rdy054)
	Modality is Not Explainable by Essence
	Erratum: Stagnation Traps [Review of Economic Studies (2017)] doi: 10.1093/restud/rdx063
	Erratum: Market size, trade, and productivity (Review of Economic Studies vol. 75 (1) 10.111/j1467-937x.2007.00463.x)
	Editorial announcement
	Variable Returns to Scale, Non-Uniqueness of Equilibrium and the Gains from International Trade (Volume 58(4), No. 196, July 1991, pages 807-816)
ECONLIT ARTICLES REMAINING UNMATCHED (117)

	Learning from House Prices: Amplification and Business Fluctuations.
	The Aggregate Implications of Mergers and Acquisitions.
	What Would You Do with $500? Spending Responses to Gains, Losses, News, and Loans.
	Intergenerational Mobility in the Very Long Run: Florence 1427–2011.
	Understanding Cultural Persistence and Change.
	Investments in social ties, risk sharing, and inequality.
	Property Rights, Land Misallocation, and Agricultural Efficiency in China.
	The Cutoff Structure of Top Trading Cycles in School Choice.
	Motivational Ratings.
	Stochastic Revealed Preferences with Measurement Error.
	Social Norms, Labour Market Opportunities, and the Marriage Gap Between Skilled and Unskilled Women.
	Learning to game the system.
	Augmenting Markets with Mechanisms.
	Conventions under Heterogeneous Behavioural Rules.
	Cognitive Imprecision and Small-Stakes Risk Aversion.
	Germs, Social Networks, and Growth.
	Anonymity or Distance? Job Search and Labour Market Exclusion in a Growing African City.
	Haste or Waste? Peer Pressure and Productivity in the Emergency Department.
	When Is Pure Bundling Optimal?
	Stability, Strategy-Proofness, and Cumulative Offer Mechanisms.
	Informational Robustness in Intertemporal Pricing.
	Monetary Policy for a Bubbly World.
	Only Time Will Tell: A Theory of Deferred Compensation.
	Building the City: From Slums to a Modern Metropolis.
	The Revelation Principle in Multistage Games.
	Development Projects and Economic Networks: Lessons from Rural Gambia.
	On the Iterated Estimation of Dynamic Discrete Choice Games.
	Identity Politics and Trade Policy.
	Measuring Ex Ante Welfare in Insurance Markets.
	Structural Change in Investment and Consumption—A Unified Analysis.
	Optimality of Debt under Flexible Information Acquisition
	Gifts of the Immigrants, Woes of the Natives: Lessons from the Age of Mass Migration
	Coarse Pricing Policies
	A Macroeconomic Model with Financial Panics
	Backlash: The Unintended Effects of Language Prohibition in U.S. Schools after World War I
	Consumption Network Effects
	Optimal Dynamic Carbon Taxes in a Climate-Economy Model with Distortionary Fiscal Policy
	Escape Dynamics in Learning Models
	Instrumental Variables with Unrestricted Heterogeneity and Continuous Treatment: Corrigendum
	Expectations-Based Reference-Dependent Life-Cycle Consumption
	Signalling Effects of Monetary Policy
	A Theory of Contracts with Limited Enforcement
	Sellers with Misspecified Models
	Sorting Multidimensional Types: Theory and Application
	Optimal Voting Rules
	Technology and Production Fragmentation: Domestic versus Foreign Sourcing
	The Industrialization and Economic Development of Russia through the Lens of a Neoclassical Growth Model
	Old, Sick, Alone, and Poor: A Welfare Analysis of Old-Age Social Insurance Programmes
	Ability Peer Effects in University: Evidence from a Randomized Experiment
	Dynamic Oligopoly with Incomplete Information
	Multiproduct Retailing
	Dissecting the Effect of Credit Supply on Trade: Evidence from Matched Credit-Export Data
	Loss Aversion and Inefficient Renegotiation
	Goods Prices and Availability in Cities
	Projects and Team Dynamics
	Do Competitive Workplaces Deter Female Workers? A Large-Scale Natural Field Experiment on Job Entry Decisions
	A Linder Hypothesis for Foreign Direct Investment
	Learning and Model Validation
	Attribution Bias in Consumer Choice: Correction
	General Equilibrium Returns to Human and Investment Capital under Moral Hazard
	Millian Efficiency with Endogenous Fertility.
	Stagnation Traps: Erratum
	Screening in a Matching Market
	Repeated Bargaining with Persistent Private Information
	Estimation of Dynamic Panel Data Sample Selection Models
	Who Wants a Good Reputation?
	Constitutional Rules of Exclusion in Jurisdiction Formation
	Limited Foresight May Force Cooperation
	A Decentralized Market with Common Values Uncertainty: Non-Steady States
	Queues and Hierarchies
	Multiple-Object Auctions with Budget Constrained Bidders
	Optimal Contracting with Private Knowledge of Wealth and Ability
	Moral Hazard and Renegotiation with Multiple Agents
	Funding Public Goods with Lotteries: Experimental Evidence
	Financing Public Goods by Means of Lotteries
	Sequential Screening
	Consumer Durables and Inertial Behaviour: Estimation and Aggregation of (S, s) Rules for Automobile Purchases
	Strategic Ignorance as a Self-Disciplining Device
	Bundling and Optimal Auctions of Multiple Products
	Optimal Multi-object Auctions
	Equilibrium in Sealed High Bid Auctions
	Asymmetric Auctions
	A Study of Collusion in First-Price Auctions
	Incentives, Information, and Organizational Form
	Dynamic Voluntary Contribution to a Public Project
	The Scope of Anonymous Voluntary Bargaining under Asymmetric Information
	Ruling Out Multiplicity and Indeterminacy: The Role of Heterogeneity
	(S, s) Inventory Policies in General Equilibrium
	Information Acquisition in Financial Markets
	Contagion
	Noisy Contagion without Mutation
	Basins of Attraction, Long-Run Stochastic Stability, and the Speed of Step-by-Step Evolution
	Communication and Coordination in Social Networks
	Erratum.
	Comparative Statics and Relative Convexity
	Comparative Dynamics via Envelope Methods in Variational Calculus
	On the Solution of Linear Difference Equations with Rational Expectations
	Roy-Consistent Expectations
	The Effects of Firm Optimizing Behaviour in Matching Models
	Imhof Approximations to Econometric Estimators
	Adverse Selection and Renegotiation in Procurement
	Uncertainty and Delay in Bargaining
	Repeated Games with Long-run and Short-run Players
	Entry in Monopoly Markets
	Index.
	Corrigendum.
	Ability Peer Effects in University: Evidence from a Randomized Experiment: Corrigendum
	Delay and Cycles: Erratum
	Untitled.
	Jane Martin: Special Tribute
	Market Size, Trade, and Productivity: Erratum
	Editorial Announcement: Antoni Calvo-Armengol
	Editorial Announcement.
	Who Wants a Good Reputation? Erratum
	Editorial Announcement.
	Symposium on Optimal Monetary Policy.
	Review of Economic Studies European Meetings.